DO NOT MERGE - refactor(curriculum): refactoring RPG project to prepare for the addition of the intro JS project (#54321)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-basic-dom-manipulation-by-building-a-role-playing-game/62a23d1c5f1c93161f3582ae.md

---
id: 62a23d1c5f1c93161f3582ae
title: Step 16
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

> When the player is fighting a monster, the health stats and name for that monster should display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the player is fighting a monster, the health stats and name for that monster should be displayed.
```
